what up YouTube Heydrich here with a
pack opening out to walmart is my
girlfriend nervous super super bored and
yes these things here they're so i was
up with the hell i pick up three and
yeah there you go so three of them up
three honest whatever i still have my
three secrets if you guys want them i'm
probably going to trade these three
ultra if you guys want three ultras just
a golfer's long be cool if i don't like
JD JD Erin dad uh Dorado no data warlord
but uh got Maya Maya my friend to help
me open backs so it's been in sort it's
hella late night i'm liking my pajamas
right now hey god it's so ugly looking
oh man is Midori Blake but how was this
a little ugly that is aa hate it wow
like a ninja I open packs like ninja I
cut my god a mile off using the ride was
a very bad idea kids don't do this at
home I forgot you got a tack f pack kind
kind of cool yes I guess you can pull
all tea garden is there's going to be
more all teaneck regardez running around
and then microgram has a little blood
stuff like that well that seems out of
attack at that is good
Bobby master from ulti ulti Valley
master ok good poles I kind of just
bought it just for the fun of it you
know I made a lot of money this week so
oh my god that's already so light ones
officially like a two-hundred-dollar
deck all right I'll they go worst to
best so organized these like this I got
three of each pack so sort of attack out
and don't think I got anything out here
oh my god is a pathfinder yes in second
and this one opened easy might be a
hollow again full house it open pretty
easily kéthani an emperor awesome a
pathfinder what a day it I don't like
that good well Alton yo Seely's comes
out of here does it actually maybe maybe
I got sure butterfly and judge see you
guys pull that these two hollows out of
my ax tak out why not because Apple a
secret that kind of sweet hold the
hollow I think wow angel 07 stop too
terrible yes as I say I poll secret
would be nice I pull an angel 07 nothing
sins over Turner
nope nothing all right that's not so
yeah these bastards I think it
myself I pull the bag I'm pretty much
just shoot myself holy huh as I say
it be if I big sweep up all the dad I
postsecret so cool oh this one opened up
kind of easily I don't think it got
anything open okay I counter through the
hollow are these are kind of this is
this is pretty good I've sold pretty
well out of here and my last pack I pull
a dude a whore ok guys so out of
actually had wow I really good pulls
actually the count myself kind of lucky
tonight I got counter you throwing in
that and this and I got it angel 07 and
adore Krieger so all that sort rates
will make off your sport ah i'll be in
chicago this weekend for tournament i
almost want to go buy more of these this
should have been a dark arm and this
should have been a judgement dragon I
hate you but uh yeah so that pulls my
packs I didn't well so omnia by cyrus
please anybody what kind of subscribe
i'm going to be doing a contest very
soon sooner than I think actually
probably that it's gonna be some wicked
prizes like yeah I'm probably made me
going to be giving away like a lot of
stuff in this next contest so you guys
should go to stay tuned and check it out
in